Director General Zhang, you didn't say you wanted him to come.
How do you want me to die?
My boss sent my boss a little helpless
Don't bring it out for you
I'm begging you to let me go
Now I ask for forgiveness late.
Pull him out for me.
A broken leg
This boss spared my life.
The boss spared my life.
Give me your life, boss.
How can you become the new boss of the company?
I'm not here for you
Because of me of course.
I know you work for this company.
So I bought this company for 1.5 billion.
Do whatever you want to do later.
Frequency missing
You're so good to me
Cause I've been so good to you
How to return it, friend?
How do you want me to return it?
I want to
ban